timeshift: add page (#3613)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/timeshift.md

# timeshift

> System restore utility.
> More information: <https://github.com/teejee2008/timeshift>.

- List snapshots:

`sudo timeshift --list`

- Create a new snapshot (if scheduled):

`sudo timeshift --check`

- Create a new snapshot (even if not scheduled):

`sudo timeshift --create`

> - Restore a snapshot (and select which snapshot to restore interactively):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Restore a snapshot (selecting which snapshot to restore interactively):
```
